What will I die with am I?
A flower like, made of flowers, magicians loved her now.
Yellow gleaming of my hair, as sun bright as the green flowers, new opened in the spring.
Dusty bloom on my soft cheeks, borrowed from the meadow's wood, the queen of summer fields.
Shimmering depths within my eyes, green as the oak and leaves, fresh born at the loss.
Scent of flowers in summer's heat, my breath makes so sweet, my kiss is sweeter.
But deep darkness in me too, alone and laughed in marriage mode, to wait and to wait.
Soft, softest feathers touch, my lips upon my lover's face, waking in the morning.
Piercing scream of dying clever, speared my lover at kill's morning, blood red at sunset.
From all as owls rending talons, the magicians changing touch, at midnight's darkest hour.
Free forever now, I fly, leaving land and love behind, towards the dawning day.
Thank you for watching!